Sister, why did you have to promise that idiot who only drinks milk?
It's just broken ground.
Total value not more than 300 million
He's willing to spend a billion to buy it.
Why not promise?
Don't worry.
The Qin Dynasty's capital line is broken.
That idiot arbitrarily took out a billion to buy a piece of broken land.
The Qin Dynasty won't last long.
By that time, the sword is no longer yours.
Haha sister Minh
Uncle Kieu when I was president of the Qin Shi
I'm going to marry Thu Vu
But before that, you should never arrange a marriage for him again.
Haha Master Qin rest assured
That's never going to happen.
Haha ha that autumn rain
I'm leaving
Let your husband hold you a little.
What is the rain doing?
The poor but the benefactor saved the lives of our Kieu
Autumn rain wife
What are you afraid of?
I'll come get you later hehe
Daddy, I don't want to marry an idiot.
Don't worry, this idiot can't be CEO.
I'm not taking it.